thanks very much I want you to someone
Tim earlier had introduced to to all of
you got a number of my colleagues would
still like to say a few words but we do
have with us Anthony McDonald and
Anthony is going to be our flag bearer
in Guelph in the next election as we
talked to every day hard-working
antarians and I'd like to invite him to
come up and say a few words swell of you
afternoon everyone good afternoon
everyone this is my wife Amy my daughter
Ava this is what horse racing looks like
not just in this riding or any riding
well for otherwise not in Ontario not in
just Canada this is how it looks in the
world normal everyday people I would
like to thank Lisa for not only inviting
me to speak but mostly a call for an
independent review of this debacle I
fully support you and I know everyone
else here does also as I said I was very
happy to be invited here and all at the
same time angry that I needed to be here
here here upset and frustrated with this
government just like you we all find
ourselves in a fight a fight for our
lives our families lives and truthfully
the lives of thousands of horses also
we all know who the aggressors are I
thought as you did it was a weak and
financially strained government a
government too lazy to look before it
leapt but now that we are months and
months into this fight I see as you
should too it's a disgraceful greed of a
few that has driven the many there are
people in our province very wealthy very
powerful people whose greed and total
disregard for the everyday workin man
and woman like you like me like them
that help nudge are fiscally
irresponsible government down this
disastrous path the people with the most
again haven't made the front page of any
newspapers any tabloids or the six
o'clock news these people back the
Liberals and now the Liberals are
backing them we have all heard horse
racing or health care it's been debated
debated in that very building there
couldn't be any more of a foolish
statement one has helped fund the other
for over ten years now what should we
really be shocked this government has
never helped out the everyday Joe Joe
has been on his own now for a long time
nine years or so Joe silence has been
the liberal strength but that all ends
today the Liberals fully expected us to
lay down say nothing shocked and stunned
while they scurried away with our
portion of the money for the SAR program
the money we raised for the money we
feed our children with the money that
helped fund education and yes helped
fund health care
what the little the liberals didn't
expect was that the Ontario people our
neighbors the average joes would see
through the lives the corruption and be
able to stop and understand for
themselves what was happening here by
now you have all read the report by the
horse racing transition panel that was
two years too late far too negative and
fur too liberal we've all seen the
comments from the all to absent Ted
McMeekin Zopa nning statement reads the
panel concluded that the government made
the right decision to end the slots at
racetracks program a program that cost
cost the taxpayers of Ontario 345
million dollars last year going as far
as to say reinstating the SAR program
would be poor public policy yeah perhaps
mr. McNee ghen should have read the rest
of the report it also said the horse
rode horse racing the breeding industry
is worth saving the industry is a valued
contributor to Ontario's economy the
industry is worthy of government
investment and the industry is a
valuable social cultural community asset
report said something else that reads
that resonates with all of us without
horse racing in Ontario thousands and
thousands of people and horses are in
dire straits horses that have bought our
firms put our children through schools
paid for trucks and trailers employed
countless veterinarians grooms and
blacksmiths horses that have put over a
billion dollars into the provincial
governments pockets wait now mr.
McMeekin has changed his tune now he's
saying as recently as Monday it was
never this government's intention to
crumble the industry really are you sure
about that we may also well what we may
as well just go home if they don't want
to crumble the industry what are we all
doing here today listen we cannot trust
this government oh not with our tax
dollars not with their livelihoods and
certainly not with our horses where is
the accountability of these people where
is the accountability for our government
Larry Tanenbaum yo
as a citizen I am infuriated with the
careless behavior behavior and financial
irresponsibility of my government I have
news for all of you we are the
government democracy gives us all a
great power the power to elect and the
power to reject any government including
this one even this government is for the
people elected by the people and most
importantly accountable to the people
when a government turns on the citizens
it's the people they had the
responsibility responsibility to replace
it that's why I'm here and that's why
you're here as many of you know I fully
intend to run for the PC party in the
writing of guelph in the next election
an election that may be closer in the
calendar then we all think I would like
to ask just one favor from the Liberals
only one when you are still a minority
government after September 6th and the
opposition finally forces an election
the day following that election you will
hang your head and you will feel like
all of us do right now do me a favor do
my wife my daughter a favor do all of us
a favor don't let the door hit you on
the way out
you